SUBJECT>WSI Internet Consulting Franchise
POSTER>Roberto Alvarado
EMAIL>Pressrelease@wsicoroprate.com
DATE>1071592343
EMAILNOTICES>no
IP_ADDRESS>216.176.209.151
PREVIOUS>
NEXT>
IMAGE>
LINKNAME>
LINKURL>
<P>WSI Corporate Soars high as E-tailors prepare for a Green Christmas WSI Corporate experiences upward momentum – as 2003's online holiday sales set to increase 21% over 2002 - According to Jupiter Research. With thousands of small- to medium-sized businesses worldwide bearing witness, no “competitor” has come close to matching the colossal strength of WSI Corporate in the marketplace. WSI Corporate has grown into the world’s leading Internet services franchise and the 4th fastest-growing international franchise, whose systems are used by more than 700 franchisees in 87 countries. Amazing Discovery Surprisingly – according to Jupiter Research - price was not the main reason for online shoppers purchasing this holiday season. Convenience is the primary reason indicated by online shoppers, with a significant percentage citing that they shop when stores are closed. Others aim to avoid holiday crowds or wrapping presents. Proven Profits… Proven Results WSI Corporate draw is remarkably simple – helping business owners capitalize on the profit potential of the Internet. Yet the company’s patent pending approach to providing Internet solutions is more complex, including consultation, design, development, hosting, optimization, site registration, review of connectivity, training and marketing support. In all, WSI Corporate offers more than 300 products, each thoroughly researched and designed to reduce overhead and maximize profitability for business owners. WSI Corporate solutions are backed by significant research and development and supported through one of the most sophisticated and robust data center infrastructures in the world. The Secret is out WSI Corporate has proven their allegiance to the small business community by offering “big business” web solutions at “small business prices” – ensuring their customers are positioned on an equal playing field with many of the world’s most successful online retailers. With 2003's online holiday sales being led by new shoppers, and nearly 40 percent of surfers planning to do some or all of their holiday gift-buying online, ringing up an average of $265 per person, WSI Corporate thousands of clients are positioned for a busy and prosperous holiday season.
<P>About WSI Consulting
<P>WSI, headquartered in Toronto, Canada, is ranked the #1 Internet Services Business in the world and the 4th fastest-growing International Franchise. With systems that have been developed, utilized and proven by over 700 Internet Consultants in 87 countries worldwide, WSI delivers thousands of e-business solutions to small and medium sized businesses annually. VISIT: http://www.wsicorporate.com/business.asp?id=79379
